DOCSP-46282-destination-oplog-size (#536)
mongodb/docs-cluster-to-cluster-sync: source/includes/fact-oplog-disk-storage.rst

at least 10 GB available for the data and another 10 GB for the insert oplog 
entries from the initial sync.

.. important:: 
  
   To use :ref:`embedded verification <c2c-embedded-verifier>`, you must have a 
   larger oplog on the destination. If you enable the embedded verifier and 

>    reduce the size of the destination oplog, the embedded verifier can fall off 

Reviewer: Consider rewriting to avoid "fall off".

Author: Updated.

>    reduce the size of the destination oplog, the embedded verifier might be 
>    omitted from the oplog.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   reduce the size of the destination oplog, the embedded verifier 
   may not be able to keep up causing mongosync to error.
```

> If you need to reduce the overhead of the destination oplog entries and the 

Reviewer: Consider rewriting to avoid "overhead".

Author: I'm leaning towards leaving this as is because I feel that "overhead" might be the best word to encapsulate both "size" and "retention period" of the oplog. Also we've used the word a large number of times across our docs.
